chore: cleanup setting tooltips that are too long (#151)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Minor: Cleanup setting tooltips that stretched too wide, making them difficult to read. (#151)

Reviewer: I think this is actually correct
```suggestion
- Minor: Clean up setting tooltips that stretched too wide, making them difficult to read. (#151)
```
